Which best practices should be in the SDW BP
1.	Add links to well-known geodata on the web
like geonames
2.	Create stable identifiers, even for data that changes over time
i.e. for features that may have changing boundaries like water bodies, administrative boundaries
3.	Choose the right format for publishing your geodata on the web
4.	create links to indicate relationships between objects like similarity
not spatial specific
5.	Use spatial semantics for spatial relationships
nearby, contains, etc
6.	Use spatial semantics for spatial objects
SpatialThing, Geometry etc
7.	Link your vocabulary to relevant spatial vocabularies
Like LOCN
8.	Expose existing services in such a way that the data itself is accessible on the web
e.g WFS with a LD proxy on top; the data must be ON the web with stable unique URIs.
9.	Expose existing services in such a way that the dataset is discoverable.
10.	Use web-friendly spatial metadata to make your data more discoverable. Even for closed data.
for datasets: GeoDCAT-AP. 
11.	Use linksets to make data discoverable and crawlable 
separate Note
12.	Use gazetteers to discover related thematic spatial data
e.g through a place name mentioned in tabular data or datacube data.
13.	Assign identifiers to real world things
14.	Re-use existing authoritative URIs
i.e. reference data
15.	Mint URIs in such a way that they are persistent and unique
16.	 Assign identifiers to datasets
17.	Assign identifiers to geometries and topologies to make them reusable
At least do this if they are managed elsewhere
18.	Use spatial reconciliation 
when appropriate; we said we want to expand on this.
19.	Use spatial relationships to express hierarchies
geometric, topological and social hierarchy
20.	Return useful information when a resource is requested
Not spacial specific; unless you refer to geo-formats here.
21.	Express place names in a usable way
A resource can have several place names, these can be toponyms, or colloquial names. How to express these.
22.	If spatial data you publish is fuzzy, express this fact
somehow... 
23.	Choose the right vocabulary for your spatial data
24.	Refer to the CRS your coordinates are expressed in
Or use the default
25.	Use temporal relationships 
26.	Something about sensor data
Not yet clear what should be in the BP about sensor data.
27.	Do special things for big datasets
see 7.8 BP
28.	


